---
layout: post
title: "Second Post"
date: 2016-09-25 11:37:30 +0900
---

2
Oh, I didn't test if I can post Korean.

What I'm gonna post will be Korean...

잘 나오나?

Oh I see. It works. Now then, I have to change layouts. That super big character is really annoying.

It's better. Even though the first line look strange. How can I change that CAPITAL CHARACTERS?

Okay, I made it. So, last test will be "lots of Enters work". It seems like enter works just a bit. Like if I type enter n times, at page there are n-1 enters. This is line 18 in note pad.


Between this line and upper line, there are 2 empty line. This is line 21 in note pad.




Between this line and upper line, there are 4 empty line. This is line 26 in note pad.


Wow it really dosen't work. I think the maximum empty line is one line. 
Or maybe... This one works? This is 30th line in note pad.
<br><br><br>
This is line 32 in note pad. There are 3 br tag above, so there will be 3 empty lines.

It works! But still ignore single enter... It's very uncomfortable. Is it matter of layout too?

I just read that \n works too. Is it real?

No. That's not. May be it was for other edition...

And I just read that mutiple space at the end of the line work as multiple enter.     
Let's see if it works or not.

It dosen't work at all. They said that Markdown dosen't support it. OK I have to use br tag.

OH MY I WAS SO CURIOUS AND I ADDED nbsp, THE NON-BREAKING SPACE ASCII CHARACTER AND PUNCTUAL MARKS IN THE WHOLE POST BECAME SQARE. OK I'LL DON'T DO THAT AGAIN.

So, it's time to upload other post. See ya in the next post!
<br><br><br>

PS. But still I don't understand why it has problem so that git refuse to push. It works very properly in [local](http://127.0.0.1:4000/jekyll-theme-libretto/)

And I know that link is link to themselves not my local host.
